Add gradient component references (#1351)
o3de/o3de.org: content/docs/user-guide/components/reference/gradients/image-gradient.md

## Provider

[Gradient Signal Gem](/docs/user-guide/gems/reference/utility/gradient-signal)

## Dependencies ##

[Gradient Transform Modifier](/docs/user-guide/components/reference/gradient-modifiers/gradient-transform-modifier)

## Image Gradient properties

![Image Gradient component properties](/images/user-guide/components/reference/gradients/image-gradient-component.png)

| Property | Description | Values | Default |
|-|-|-|-|
| **Preview** | Displays the output gradient of this component after all properties are applied. | | |
| **Pin Preview to Shape** | Sets an entity with a compatible Shape component to use as the bounds of the preview if **Constrain to Shape** is `Enabled`. | EntityId | Current Entity |
| **Preview Position** | Sets the world location of the preview.<br> <br>*This field is available only if there is no entity selected in **Pin Preview to Shape**.* | Vector3: -Infinity to Infinity | X:`0.0`, Y:`0.0`, Z:`0.0` |
| **Preview Size** | Sets the dimensions of the preview. | Vector3: 0.0 to Infinity | X:`1.0`, Y:`1.0`, Z:`1.0` |

> | **Constrain to Shape** | If `Enabled`, the gradient preview will use the bounds of the entity selected in **Pin Preview to Shape**.<br> <br>*This field is available only if an entity is selected in **Pin Preview to Shape**.* | Boolean | `Disabled` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Constrain to Shape** | If `Enabled`, the gradient preview uses the bounds of the entity selected in **Pin Preview to Shape**.<br> <br>*This field is available only if an entity is selected in **Pin Preview to Shape**.* | Boolean | `Disabled` |
```
